docs(langsmith): link to the deepagents Harbor guide instead of duplicating the command (#4615)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/sandbox-harbor.mdx

## Run Deep Agents on LangSmith

> [Deep Agents](/oss/deepagents/overview) run on LangSmith sandboxes through Harbor's built-in `langgraph` agent and the `-e langsmith` environment. The full setup — staging the Deep Agents packages, the LangGraph project (`langgraph.json` with the `deepagent` graph), and the exact `harbor run` command — is maintained in the Deep Agents eval guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deep Agents](/oss/deepagents/overview) run on LangSmith sandboxes through Harbor's built-in `langgraph` agent and the `-e langsmith` environment. The full setup: staging the Deep Agents packages, the LangGraph project (`langgraph.json` with the `deepagent` graph), and the exact `harbor run` command, is maintained in the Deep Agents eval guide:
```

→ [Running Deep Agents on Harbor / Terminal Bench 2.0](https://github.com/langchain-ai/deepagents/blob/main/libs/evals/CONTRIBUTING.md#harbor--terminal-bench-20)

> The LangSmith-specific options above (authentication, `-e langsmith`, and the `--ek` sandbox-lifecycle kwargs) apply to those runs as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [LangSmith-specific options](#configure-the-sandbox-environment) (authentication, `-e langsmith`, and the `--ek` sandbox-lifecycle kwargs) apply to those runs as well.
```
OK?
